Gem is this time reports that Dan Bar Raijin tool of the emissions House
Last time it was sr wizard and it was tension max already
This time than've been using 1300 yen has been turned three times in 13 times continue to discharge the order
I will
First I doubled the longitude of the first piece
Also handsome distills saying illustrations were side by side in the back of it flow source lake'm cool buggers
I wonder if the view was envyed and then something
Chibikko in and ruins change in the Tsubikko Mercer Mochibikko taking normal flow Oh curler
But I was back in the moment
The rare 3rd blade blade is also good
A wizard whose white is white
A lot of cool 5 pieces of Tochigi are cool
Kita
The sixth piece is a banana
8 th is a double it I have double-waving This is it uppercase
8th grade has come
not
sr It is a play video of which I have also taken a video with a promise ticket that this special move is amazing
Since Place atrai nine than is good hearing a deadly this blade Please look by all means
Eye
Wait for the reason the 10th space is sparkling now
The eleventh piece is a banana
The 12th Braylock I have chosen this
The last 13th piece is Grail sr again
You can motherboard or of the hill sr
I 've got a double rail
This is it a
Mountain braider Favorite it's a little something interesting I'm the one that mapped twice gone
Ma say standing is
It looks like this
Well then, the impression of this play first
A little kid comes to see, well, so I just have a lot of curls
It contains that person soooo
Oh, this is the guy I got in the campaign of the Gamba Rising Gamba Rider
Good it feels like a
But it is got to great tension but do you think something with it call this also way seen to
If I can't lose it, I have to stop roulette properly
Because I am not good at it so much children
I would like to set a goal to go ahead with gambling this time
Becoming a child and befriending a child
To get along with children so I in terms of going to do this card game for children curl game
It is necessary
So that you I made friends with the other children because not Nan'nimo